Add CHANGELOG for v0.102.0 (#1729)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.102.0 [2023-05-11]

_What's new?_

- New tables added
  - [aws_config_retention_configuration](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws/tables/aws_config_retention_configuration) ([#1718](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1718))

_Enhancements_

- Added column `repository_scanning_configuration` to `aws_ecr_repository` table. ([#1719](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1719))
- Added column `source_account_id` to `aws_securityhub_finding` table. ([#1703](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1703))

_Dependencies_

- Recompiled plugin with [steampipe-plugin-sdk v5.4.1](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v541-2023-05-05) which fixes increased plugin initialization time due to multiple connections causing the schema to be loaded repeatedly. ([#1685](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1685))

_Bug fixes_

- Fixed `aws_ecr_image_scan_finding` table to return an empty row instead of an error when image scanning is in progress. ([#1728](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1728))

> - Fixed `aws_ssm_document` table GetConfig to use `arn` column as key column to avoid non-globally unique key columns. ([#1720](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1720))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the GetConfig of the `aws_ssm_document` table to use `arn` instead of `name` as a key column to avoid failures in querying multiple regions with the same document name. ([#1720](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1720))
```
